Revise introduction.md (#477)
oam-dev/kubevela: docs/introduction.md

![alt](../resources/KubeVela-01.png)

## Motivation

The modern trends of cloud-native application management have moved towards
pursuing a simplified developer experience across clouds and infrastructures.
As the dominating cloud-native platform, Kubernetes, however, has brought

> significant challenges for achieving this goal. Kubernetes has a considerably

Reviewer: Let's soften the narratives a bit, this part now reads like K8s is doing the wrong way.

Essentially k8s did very well in abstracting away the details of infra and cloud (i.e. bring consistency for application infrastructure), this makes building platforms like KubeVela super easy. But on the other hand, Kubernetes is not the end game, that's why we build KubeVela (a developers facing platform).

high learning curve:

> - Application developers have to learn quite a few new concepts and resource

Reviewer: I see there are 3 examples:

1. Low level abstraction - this is unique value for KubeVela, i.e. provides higher level API and tools focus on devs and application.
2. Abstraction leaks - KubeVela can solve this problem by introducing a CRD controller (e.g. Route trait in KubeVela), but they can also be solved in k8s side (e.g. Ingress V2 API).
3. Great extensibility breaks user experience - this is also a unique value for KubeVela, i.e. it defines a framework to "assemble" k8s capabilities into a user facing platform in consistent approach, but this part seems to be more platform builder related?

Another issue I am not sure if we want to give such detailed examples of the learning curve of Kubernetes, since:

1. "Kubernetes is hard" seems to be a consensus today,
2. these examples tend to become `attacking surfaces` and raise low value debate around these examples.

  specifications such as pods, ingresses, services, resource quota etc., before
  deploying their applications.

- The built-in resources sometimes are tied to underline infrastructure.
  For example, almost all cloud vendors have their own specifications for

>   configuring a volume, making the `PodSpec` different across clouds.

Reviewer: This section is talking about abstraction leak, though I'd suggest considering Ingress as the example, it leaks every detail of underlying ingress provider to users: https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/user-guide/nginx-configuration/annotations/ . Note that the community is working on Ingress V2 API.

For volumes, the abstraction leak has almost been fixed by PVC/PV.

capabilities provided by the platform builders are the keys to support the
Kubenetes ecosystems. Nowadays, a typical production Kubernetes would install
dozens of customized operators and plugins. Since abstracting the Kubernetes
APIs is a highly opinionated process, the resultant simplified interfaces
would only make sense had the decision makers been the platform builders.
Unfortunately, the platform builders today face the following dilemmas when
dealing with the API abstraction:

- There is no tool or framework for them to easily extend the API abstraction
  if any. They have to rely on existing interfaces or assumptions for new
  capabilities which may be only suitable for specific user cases.
  This makes extending such platform to leverage broader Kubernetes ecosystems
  almost impossible.

- It could be painful to develop new capability based on existing interfaces.
  The operator design could easily becomes a marathon negotiation in order
  to meet the abstraction requirement.

In the end, application developers complain that Kubernetes is hard to use
and the platform builders may want to help but they cannot do it easily.

## What is KubeVela?

> KubeVela is a framework to help platform builders to easily expose and extend

Reviewer: I think we still need to keep "what is KubeVela for developers" section?

Otherwise, the end users will have to be exposed many platform level introduction below (e.g. OAM, CUE etc.)

Author: done. Added in the end of this section.

Kubevela core components are nothing but a set of Kubernetes controllers/plugins.

The biggest difference lies in the extensibility. Most PaaS systems enforce
constraints in the type of supported applications and the supported capabilities.
They are either inextensible or create their own addon systems maintained by the
user communities. In contrast, KubeVela is built on top of Kubernetes,
and all the supported capabilities are implemented by Kubernetes CRD controllers.
No additional addon system is introduced. A new capability can be installed in
Kubevela at any time by simply registering the CRD in Kubevela.

### Serverless platforms  

Serverless platform such as AWS Lambda provides extraordinary user experience
and agility to deploy serverless applications. However, those platforms impose
even more constraints in extensibility. They are argurably "hard-coded" PaaS.

Kubernetes based serverless platforms such as Knative, OpenFaaS can be easily
integrated with Kubevela by registering themself as platform capabilities.
Even for AWS Lambda, there is an success story to integrate it with Kubevela
by the tools developed by Crossplane.

### Platform agnostic developer tools

> The typical example is [Waypoint](https://github.com/hashicorp/waypoint). It is

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```
The typical example is [Waypoint](https://github.com/hashicorp/waypoint). It is
a user facing tool which introduces a consistent workflow (i.e., build,
deploy, release) for developers to ship application on top of any platforms. KubeVela can be integrated into Waypoint 
like any other supported platforms. In this case, developers can use the Waypoint
workflow instead of the Kubevela CLI to manage applications.
```

Author: done

a platform agnostic tool which introduces a consistent workflow (i.e., build,
deploy, release) in application delivery. Waypoint cannot manage or leverage
platform specific capabilities. KubeVela can be integrated into Waypoint 
like any other supported platforms. In this case, developers can use the Waypoint
workflow instead of the Kubevela CLI to manage applications.

### Package management tools 

People may mistakenly think Kubevela is another package manager like Helm.
Although using Helm chart significantly reduces the burden of managing a
complicated Kubernetes application, whoever prepares the helm chart cannot avoid
the tedious and error-prone work of packaging those YAML files.

Kubevela aims to fundamentally remove the need of managing conventional Kubernetes
YAML files. However, in the server side, Kubevela still relies on Helm to package
and manage the third-party plugins such as `Prometheus`, etc.

### Kubernetes

> KubeVela can be treated as a special Kubernetes distribution for application management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KubeVela can be treated as a special Kubernetes "distribution" that focuses on application management only.
```
